Security Measures
Hashed Passwords
In order to prevent unauthorized access to the application’s user accounts, all passwords will be hashed before being stored in the database. 
Plaintext passwords will not be kept anywhere in the application for long periods of time and will be discarded upon being processed.

Password Strength Requirements
Passwords are required to have at least 5 lowercase letters, 1 uppercase letter, 1 special character, and 1 number.

User Authentication
Users will need to authenticate themselves by logging in using their credentials to access features reserved for their type of user.

Input Sanitation
All user input will be sanitized before being processed to ensure malicious code has not been entered. 
This is to prevent SQL injection or any other similar attacks.

Input Validation
All user input will be checked for proper formatting. 
This is to prevent invalid data in the backend database which could potentially break the application.

Access Control Management
HTTP and User Authorization
When a user first registers an account with the application, an encrypted token containing identification of their account 
as well as a unique signature from the application is created and given to the user’s browser. The token will be used to 
verify sessions with the user. This is to prevent session hijacking or any other similar attacks. 
The user’s email and their hashed password is then stored in the backend database.

Creating and verifying this token is done using the JSON Web Token library detailed in the Software Environment section.

Token Lifespan
Whenever a user logs into their account or a new account is created, the application will generate a token using 
the credentials entered by the user, a signature from the application, and an expiration time. 
This token is stored in the user’s browser as a cookie and will be used to verify the user’s session every time the 
user interacts with the application. If the user idles for a certain amount of time or loses their cookie, 
their session can no longer be verified and they will be logged out from their account.
